RHIDP-6507 - modularize _Monitoring and logging with AWS (#1089)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/observe/proc-configuring-annotations-for-monitoring-with-amazon-prometheus-by-using-the-helm-chart.adoc

= Configuring annotations for monitoring with Amazon Prometheus by using the {product} Helm chart

> You can configure the annotations for monitoring by using the {product} Helm chart.

Author: ```suggestion
To enable logging to Amazon Prometheus, you can configure the required pod annotations by using the {product} Helm chart.
```
